Role descriptions (#202)
sunpy/sunpy.org: project/index.rst

SunPy Project
=============

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   self
   roles
   affiliated

The **SunPy project** is the organization which maintains the SunPy library and sponsored affiliated packages.
Its primary goal is to *facilitate and promote the use and development of a community-led, free and open-source solar data-analysis software based on the scientific Python environment*.

> The organization is described in `this document`_, and consists of a board of directors, a lead developer appointed by the board, community roles and the sunpy and affiliated package developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The organization is described in `the SEP-2`_, and consists of a board of directors, a lead developer appointed by the board, community roles and the sunpy and affiliated package developers.
```
Otherwise, `this document` may be the current one I'm reading.

              </details>
              <details>
                <summary><a>2014 (7)</a></summary>
                <p><a href="https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/wiki/Minutes-of-SunPy-Board-Meeting-20141017">Board Meeting 2014-10-17</a></p>
                <p><a href="https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/wiki/Minutes-of-SunPy-Board-Meeting-20140919">Board Meeting 2014-09-19</a></p>
                <p><a href="https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/wiki/Minutes-of-SunPy-Board-Meeting-20140625">Board Meeting 2014-07-25</a></p>
                <p><a href="https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/wiki/Minutes-of-SunPy-Board-Meeting-20140609">Board Meeting 2014-06-09</a></p>
                <p><a href="https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/wiki/Minutes-of-SunPy-Board-Meeting-20140505">Board Meeting 2014-05-05</a></p>
                <p><a href="https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/wiki/Minutes-of-SunPy-Board-Meeting-20140416">Board Meeting 2014-04-16</a></p>
                <p><a href="https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/wiki/Minutes-of-SunPy-Board-Meeting-20140407">Board Meeting 2014-04-07</a></p>
              </details>

> 

Reviewer 2: I think this should be moved to another page or elsewhere.

Author: I agree, but I don't have a good place for it right now so...
